I was born in the heat, and I lived for five
days. The first moment when it was fair, I felt myself.
[Music] In a
dream, the first thing I was playing football, and after
that, the coercion happened. When the first time was long, I found myself sleeping
on the other side, and I found dust, stones, and a
bird's nest, so my brother, Muayyad, may God have mercy on you. The bad thing came from
here.  From
[Music]
Here, take care of the one who took me away and he brought me close to me and the
bombing. You kept me awake and close to Al-Awda Hospital, but
you kept me awake with the girl. You kept me awake. They brought me
to Al-Aqsa Martyrs Hospital and he sat working in
the operations. After that, I woke up, thank
God. Also, more, more, more,
more. Before the bombing, I was playing.  I used to play in a
football club called Al-Wahda Academy.
[Music]
I am struggling with my injury, and this is the previous one. I
dreamed of my dream of playing football, but if I
want to complete my dream, I want someone to donate me a
prosthetic limb, and I will continue and continue my education.
[Music]
[Applause]
I have been thinking about everything.  One day while I was in Al-
Aqsa Martyrs Hospital, I started to go out, play, run,
read
[music] and
learn